Didn't think I would need a reservation on a Sunday. I was wrong.
A foodie must. Stop in and try the small plates and specialty cocktails on your way around the cultural district. Or take a date for dinner.
Bloody Mary bar....JERK vodka! I mean that in the best sense of 'jerk' of course!
Now THIS is the way to do Lenten Fridays!
Ribs! Smoked for hours and hours right out back....nice.
Best Brunch in Da Burgh!
These guys fill up fast and it gets noisy real quick - make a reservation and go early if you can!
A great drink selection and a unique menu
Om nom nom
Quick dinner before Van Halen
Love the bone marrow and the tartare.
Make a reservation! This place is busy even on a Sunday night.
Probably the most epic Bloody Mary bar of all time! Oh, and I must also mention that there is one for the bellinis!!
Heard a lot of good things - meeting brother and sis for dinner :-)
Really good burger - bun is very good - made in house.  Fries are excellent.  AV wild turkey stout is yummy
Convenient street and garage parking around the corner
Lunch hours now start at 11:30!
Pub burger France 75 short rib hash irish breakfast tater n truffle mayo. BRUNCH! :)
Work lunch. Got the black and blue burger. It was Epic!
Sunday Brunch.
I am in love with this place!!
Sadly, brunch has been my least favorite visit here. Subpar service, gnats. Bloody Mary bar & food are still good though!
Food is off the chart tonight!
Try an old school cocktail.
Mmmmm
Bone marrow and charcuterie .....yummmo.
A taste of Absinthe...
Trying a Blood & Sand to start!
Random but they have wifi! Extremely comfy chairs
Brunch!
The French Toast is cooked in Well's Banana Bread Beer!
First day of lunch!
Tequila Fizz is so refreshing!
Now serving lunch!
Bloody Mary Bar!!
First time here!
Bloody Mary's
I spent $59 on a 34 oz ribeye with NO FLAVOR...!! No wonder they have steak sauce :(
Kinda loud, apparently you need reservations weeks in advance but we just walked in. P.s. they need to fix their couch and dust it off though...
Mussels!
Restaurant week!
Brunch!
Linda and I are the first regular lunch customers!
These bartenders make some excellent beverages! Oww!
Virtually empty for Sunday brunch! Taking a while to get our food though. :-/
So many delicious options. Must come back.
Make reservations. Always!
Make a reservation!!
Definitely try the libations! Amazing!
Bone marrow...don't be afraid to step out of your comfort zone and give this deliciousness a try!
No longer offering lunch on weekdays :(
Boom!
Their service has really gone downhill over the years.
Make reservations and order one of their speciality drinks. Dinner options offer variety, try their roasted chicken. YUM!
Buttermilk fried chicken livers and 34 oz Ribeye (for 2)
$5 bloody mary bar for brunch! Great vodka and tequila infusion options
Pub burger and an Anderson's Hop Ottin' IPA is the answer here.
My most favorite drinking and eating place. LOVE Meat & Potatoes!
You have to try the Mac and cheese!!!!
Ha
And we are back for drinks after the show!
Very loud at night. My date and I had to lean over our table to talk. Quieted down around 9:45 though. Awesome food, truely floored. Get the delicious sour at the bar! So great
Fried Brussels sprouts!! Trust me
The atmosphere and menu are unbeatable if youre a rugged gentleman
Inner quote: "it's like, what am i going to do after this?  Just go home and back to my mundane life.  I just want to live in eternity ere, eating bone marrow"
"Hip & Trendy" does not always mean you'll have a great night. Less then impressed with all of their culinary trickery. Simple is better. I would have thought being named Meat & Potatoes they'd get that. Go for happy hour. Leave before dinner.
Get a bar seat, no wait time and more entertaining.
Cool vibe
Wow, it was hard to choose.  No meat or potatoes for me tonight, but I will be back.
Smoked wings and 21st Amendment Back in Black, with a koozie
Laughter is the best medicine. But champagne gets the job done faster!
So good for weekend brunch! They just started serving lunch Feb.24, Fridays only though...
Chicken and waffles and peanut butter monkey bread with a make-your-own bloody mary bar. The BEST fried chicken I have had, hands down.
Come for 5$ Bloody Mary bar...
Eat the specials. They are always great.
Make sure ya call for a reservation! Went here on a Wednesday night for my birthday and it was packed! So glad we had reservation though :)
Great place for a Sunday brunch. Sat at the bar with great service and great food (& of course an Irish breakfast coffee)
Crazy good food esp for foodies and crazy good see cow. Thanks, Emily!
brunch and drinks from my favorite place!
birthday celebration!
love Adam and mike ;) fabulous drinks. great service everytime! busy and gets packed - quickly find a good seat at the bar or call!
Amazing brunch
Amazing!  Brunch, lunch, dinner, and cocktails.  Meat & Potatoes never fails you.
Turn down for what?! This Absinthe is on fire
Fathers Day Celebration, enjoying the Bloody Mary Bar and the unique brunch menu
It was good. A good place to hangout. Tried salmon it was good.
Unlimited bloody mary bar for $15!!! Only in Pittsburgh.
Food was strangely good! Service was ok too.
Make sure you make a reservation!
Brunch is the best!
The three pigs sandwich is a must try!
Make reservation!
Had brunch twice. Great experience both times. Very talented staff.
Fried brussels are where it's at!
The get a table process is wack! Way over engineered especially when there are visible tables available.
This place has amazing wings. And the pork chop dish is eye popping as well as delicious. Bring an empty stomach!
because we're men
If you're at the bar-highly recommended- let the bartenders hook you up with drinks and food. Ye shall be rewarded!
Brunch
Wow! amazing! feels fancy yet warm and comfy without being redneck like back home in deep south! Seriously some of the BEsT BBQ and food and service around Pittsburgh! love these people here and food! Thanks for a wonderful night again!
Eclectic menu, looks fun, here we go!
Come hungry!
Come see Mike at the bar - a wizard of cocktails.  Inventive menu.
Visited once as I've been craving to go back. Food was fantastic!
Place is amazing!!! You have to eat there!
Should I get Poutine?
Gluten free and vegan options on their lenten menu!
Love this places' atmosphere and thier macaroni and cheese :)
Get the bread pudding,  they make it with banana bread.
Get the bone marrow. It is big enough to share.
Damn, that old fashioned is fresh
Sgt Pepper Old Fashioned can get it. Yaaas bourbon!
Oh my, the cocktails!!
Love the decor, rustic and chic!
Pioneering restaurant and an inspiration to all else that is trendy and delicious.
If you don't order the bone marrow, you're an idiot.
The food is amazing! The only flip side is the tiny seating. You almost always end up talking to your neighbor.
Everything was delicious
Wings fried Brussel sprouts martini good atmosphere. Great bar. Younger hang
I just had the rudest experience in a bar in Pittsburgh ever!!  The bartenders are just mean.
Phenomenal dinner entrees
Great food, good atmosphere, always interesting specials to consider, random beer selection changes daily.
Dine outside even though it's chilly? Each seat has a small blanket to help you warm yourself. How thoughtful!
Up in smoke is a great cocktail. And the Brussel sprouts are great too'
If ordering the ribeye for 2 people, I suggest not ordering anything except drinks. It comes with a piece of marrow so it basically comes with an appetizer.
Brunch Salmon Flat Bread!
Ladies - Try the black dog and thank me later.
Bad service... mediocre food. I would never waste my time here again.
Awesome food. Nuff said
Come early, make reservations, politely ask for your 34oz ribeye with everything on the side. Why they would top it with anything surprises me. My guess for this price it's unaged prime. Try the bloody mary bar.
Make reservations for early it's a bit easier to get a table
On the weekend come between 7-8 to grab a bar seat if you don't have reservation
This place is awesome! Def with checking out!!
Yum! Punch. Fried brussel sprouts. Steak tartare
Great brunch!  Recommend the corned beef Benedict.  Add spice to the bloody Mary's though.
Awesome lunchtime spot. Great atmosphere and huge portions.
I visited last night on New Year's Eve and ordered the fried pickles (my fave). They took almost 45 mins.  The waitress also didn't offer an explanation or offer to refill our drinks while we waited.  The table next to us ordered them as well and they were delivered in 10 mins.  Very disappointed.
Place looks awesome.
Veuve and fried pickles.
Hello Meat and Potatoes Restaurant, Can you please add seasoning to your dishes? Thank you.
Worst service ever. Totally rude staff. Don't go.
"Highly overrated
Great Mac n Cheese
Tuna tacos were terribly salty and inedible
Salmon was cooked perfectly but kimchi took away from flavor"
Soo good!!! Love the Bone marrow, yummmmm. Deff should try if in Pittsburgh.
The tartare was my favorite appetizer.  I like bone marrow, however to have to add thr toppings each time doesnt it make it enjoyable.  I've had better.  The pate was a bit sweet for my taste.
The meat and potatoes for two is enough for 3
Be ready for an amazing meal & extremely tasty Cocktails.
They crammed a lot of tables near the bar area
Make a reservation or eat at the bar.   The bartenders can make anything to drink, I mean anything.
Absinthe and amazing steak!
When sitting at the bar, wave your arm so they acknowledge your presence. M&P has gotten cocky and full of themselves.
Great service, pot roast was incredible, and pork belly tacos
Bartenders could be much friendlier!
make reservations
See check in comments. ......
Amazing food... Good service.  Will definitely be coming back. Best Caesar salad.
Food was lukewarm but tasted sensational.
Great food but avoid during busy times (Friday & Saturday Nights). The wait staff gets overwhelmed easily and the service goes downhill. But seriously great food!
If in the bar area, service is much better from bartenders versus section waiters.
Nice atmosphere although tight quarters.  Food and drinks were great.
Does what it says in the name and does it well. Stellar steak and friendly service.
Highly recommend the short ribs.
Try the Tomahawk Ribeye from the best steak in America.
Nice fusion cuisine, the bibimbap is a must!
See check in comment
Very busy place. Make a reservation
That duck though! Worth a blown paycheck for that tomahawk!
Pastrami rubbed pork belly... That is all.
Love this place.  Chicken livers are outstanding and the bone marrow is a must.
Always great.
"No valet parking. 

Chicken & Waffles are only on the lunch menu."
Atmospherically be prepared to feel like you're eating in the middle of a Hollister retail store with the brain thumping bass and mindless house music in the background. Just a tad too much for Sunday brunch.
Really good drinks, and probably the best mussels in town!
A little wait, but Outstanding food.
Don't eat at Meat and Potatos in Pittsburgh the staff is RUDE!!!
Started out with rude bartender. He softened a bit but seriously!  Pittsburgh will never change. Just another pig with lipstick!
Meat and Potatoes for Two changes lives.
Love it here! I dream of their cheese plate!!!
CXC aallyl
Always make this a stop! Great late night eats!
Cool space with fun vibe. Thai steak salad was delish and service was pleasant.
"One of my favorite places 
Great service, amazing food"
The brunch is spectacular, and the bloody marries are even better!
If you order the Chicken and Waffles for brunch, don't plan on eating for the rest of the day!
My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Great go to spot and always on point!
Great drinks, and the Burger was one of the best I have ever had.
Always a meal that never disappoints.
This place is outstanding! Great atmosphere and the food was superb.
The food was great and the atmosphere kept me there for another drink.
The special yellow tomato gazpacho with blue crab was outstanding! I liked it  so much that I had a bowl as an appetizer and another for dinner! Bravo chef!
Great meat and appetizers. I love the drinks.  A good place to go after the theater.
